Old man Li, let me ask you
Is it true that Liu can steal your money?
Yes, what adults and villains say is true
In the early years, I saw Liu Neng as an orphan
I see him pitifully
She betrothed her daughter to him
But when he joined the job
loafing around all day
do not do business properly
I came back from going out a few days ago
He also moved my daughter to steal my 400 taels of silver
If I don't give it to him, I will sue the official and slander me.
adult
The villain saves money all his life
I finally accumulated 400 taels of silver
He wandered alone for three years
How can you have 400 taels of savings?
I can't believe these two look so well-dressed
So shameless behind the scenes
Simply hateful
Maybe this is the norm for the common people
Hey the world is getting worse
Ancient hearts
That's not right.
Why do I always feel weird?
Liu Neng
What do you have to say?
Sir, I am wronged
I am from Nanyang
Because of the war, he ended up in this neighborhood
Later, I happened to meet Lao Han Li
He saw that I was strong
Let me be the door-to-door son-in-law
And I said yes without thinking.
Who knew that after I started
He actually treated me like a slave
As long as there is one step, it is to hit
I was forced by Li Dazu to persuade
But he called it unfilial
Then I couldn't take it
He fled to a family in Xuzhou
The other party lent me three years of hard work
This is only 400 taels of silver missing from me.
And I went home.
I think of your father taking care of my wife for many years
Take good care of him in the future
I didn't expect him to get me drunk
Took my silver
And it's backfired.
Lord, you have to call the shots for me?
Dare to ask my lord
Is there any time in Xuzhou?
When has someone been sent?
Liu Neng did indeed work under a pair of households
It's just that the house passed away a few days ago
So there is no way to be sure about this.
No life.
I'm afraid this case is hard to solve